Q1. Describe the differences between supervised, unsupervised, and semi-supervised learning. Give examples of each.
a. Supervised Learning : when we traine our  model using label data, label data means every input have correponding output
b. unsupervised Learning : when we traine our  model using unlabel data, unlabel data means there is no correponding output for input.
c. semi-supervised learning : Whene we traine our model using both label and unlabel data.


Q2. Describe the differences between underfitting and overfitting.
a. underfitting : underfitting means when our model does not perform well on traing data as well as testing data.
b. overfitting : underfitting means when our model does not perform well on testing data but well perform on training data.


Q3. What are the different supervised and unsupervised algorithm?
==> Supervished Machine Learning Algorithm.
1. Linear regression
2. Logistic Regression
3. Support Vector Machine
4. Decision Tree
6. Random Forest
7. KNN
8. Xgboost 
9. Adaboost
10. Artificial neural Network
==> Unsupervised Machine Learning Algorithm.
1. kmean
2. kmedoid
3. fuzzy-c
4. Hierarchical
5. Self-Organizing Maps
6. DBSCAN (Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise)


Q4. Describe the process of Model building
1. Data Gathering
2. Data Preprocessing
3. Data split for traing testing
4. Model training
5. Model Evaluation


Q5. What are the different Algorithm techniques in Machine Learning?
The different types of techniques in Machine Learning are
1. Supervised Learning
2. Unsupervised Learning
3. Semi-supervised Learning
4. Reinforcement Learning
5. Transduction
5 Learning to Learn


Q6. What is ‘Training set’ and ‘Test set’?
1. Training set--traing data, the data which is use to train the model generally we take 80% data for training.
2. Test set -- testing data, the data which is use to evaluate the performance of model.


Q7. Explain what is the function of ‘Supervised Learning’?
1. Classifications
2. Speech recognition
3. Regression
4. Predict time series
5. Annotate strings


Q8. What is ensemble learning?
To solve a particular computational program, multiple models used to train the model for increase the performance of model. This process is known as ensemble learning.


Q9. What is diffrence between classification and regression.
1. classification:- classification is the machine learning task in which we classify the data into different class, Here the target feature is categorical in nature.
2. Regression :- regreesion is the machine learning task in which we predict the output, Here the target feature is nmerical in nature.


Q10. what is bias- varience trade-off?
1. low bias and high varience ----> overfitting
2. high bias and low varience ----> underfitting
3. high bias and high varience ----> bad model
4. low bias and low bias -----> good model

